a terrifying experience for patients and
medical staff in Naser hospital as
Israeli soldiers stormed the facility in
KH yunas treating the sick and the
wounded the hospital was Sheltering at
least 10,000 displaced Palestinians from
Relentless Israeli
attacks medical staff attempted to move
bid bound patients as Israeli troops
made a series of arrest after shelling
parts of the building doctors described
condition I conditions as catastrophic
and
disastrous at about 11:30 last night the
Israeli soldiers Unleashed frantic dogs
into the medical complex after that they
warned us through speakers that the
hospital must be evacuated within only
10 to 15 minutes it was an ultimatum to
evacuate within minutes not only display
citizens but also all the medical staff
civilians started to leave the hospital
then a missile was fired on the
Orthopedics department and one person
was killed and two people burned medical
staff were ordered to leave one by one
we evacuated by force kidney dialysis
patients were among the many forced to
flee the hospitals authorities in Gaza
say Israeli snipers killed the three
people at the hospital on Tuesday the
same day Israeli forces killed the
prisoner in handcuffs who was sent into
the hospital to issue evacuation
orders I left with my husband he is
blind I was undergoing kidney dialysis
they destroyed the wall surrounding us
as well as another room they ordered us
to leave and fired bombs and Rockets at
us from overhead they destroyed the
building we left and my husband and I
walked through sewage the Israelis then
took him
away the siege of nazer hospital and the
attacks on its facilities is yet another
violation of international law and
further emphasizes that there is no safe
place across the Gaza Strip H Mahmud Al
jazer Rafa and Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer